What do they need? Um, oh, I can, let me, I can pull up inside assist. So, I'm guessing that it, it doesn't have a name match. 
Um, or match for any of these. Social security numbers, any state. Um, The permanent status is described as 096 no, no information, right? 
That's one of the frequencies. And that is rule 731. That's 14,000, which is in this apple, right? 
That's 43%. So the bulk is really, they don't have information and that marginal code 625. What is your code? 
775 is what is the what is the rule? Or 775. is inconclusive because all the names are missing. So, Let's see how we display this information, right? 
So the 2 reasons are there's no information for 43% of the population and there's all the last name and 1st name, data is missing. So the combination of this code, 096, 635. What is your 737? 
What is the other conditions that they're using? For this one? Yeah. 
Um. No name match. You can start describing them, right? 
So we're going to have been conclusive and we're going to have some volume for some light to 6, no information found. Right? Names that are missing. 
Uh-huh. and then present the details for those rules, right? So 731, we know that it's going to be they're not located. They're not part of that EWS family, right? 
Now, in seven, the other one, which is 737. Uh, what are the codes that are coming for this room? Because you would expect that it's no name match, right? 
But it, you would have expected that if they didn't have information, would have been captured. in the 0000 or in this year of 96. And yeah. That says, well, we don't have information, therefore, we're not a display. 
So what kind of financial stutions are hitting the missing data? Right? That don't have names for 737 and the other guys. 
Are these marginal advice or it's it's like a 20%, right? So if you go back to your people table, uh, who are these people that we cannot find? Where do they bank? 
You have the volume in 775, 731, 729. So we know the 1st one who they are, right? But gather the rest of the, just take out that 7 to 31 and then say, well, we would have expected to have captured this in 00, 0 96. 
Who are the other people, right? So go to your conclusive. To the frequency for FI names. 
Oh, okay. And cross referenced them. I say, how come we gonna find these guys? 
Who are these? Should I just add like a... Copy this, copy that table in a new spreadsheet, and allow yourself to do exploration, right? 
This is very pretty. Keep it for your presentation. Don't destroy it. 
Just make a copy for that spreadsheet and allow yourself to do the exploration. Uh-huh. Copy the. 
Okay. Oh, I could just... You know, the, It's gonna be an interesting question, right? 
Because these guys are supposed to be. in AWS. I, we didn't find him in 096 because these are EWS members, but still we don't find the names. So copy the other one and say, well, that's for. 
737? No. Oh, I think I copied the wrong one. 
Oh, yeah, that's for America. Okay. America first, yeah. 
So this should be 731 and 775. At 737. That's suitable volume. 
I see. Yeah, 7.31. So I can. 
So these guys don't seem to be members of EWS. And? Mm-hmm. 
But Bun Shung, they have gotten already the 096. 096 is something where they have EWS. But still, there shouldn't be. Well, there are the trickles. 
She was, she was, she was, and she were 96. I see, I think 096 is Not, well, not located in the confinance year 96. There's no information. 
Yeah, they, uh, I'm trying to understand, so 096. There are 5 is a part of EWS, but we're still not able to find unknown information on the user. correct? I think that is true. 
Let's confirm it with the document. Okay. Right? 
Let's confare with the document, right? So can you open the document that I sent for online account opening? OAO? 
That has a definition. Real time combined. Um... 
Oh, is it in my email that is for me? It's a PDF document, I think. Actually, I found it by searching. 
Let me show you how to do it. So I can, you can do it, but I can, I can do it on the spot. Sure, sure. 
So this is the account opening is the EWS, but look what happens, right? These are not to primary small field, but doesn't belong to an early account participant. Right? 
So in this case, So this is the detailed information response code mapping for the accounts that participate. So if they're not an early, early morning park, participant, they're going to show this year 96. All right. 
So we're going to actually document this thing and then You can put it in your presentation, right? People are going to ask. Yeah. this question. 
So you might as well just have it handy. Right? So I put it there. 
There's a snapshot that you can use if you want. If not, well you go and do this thing. And then the other one is okay with we have cereals. 
Right, the other condition is serious in the, in the response field. is Where is this? It's not anybody account number. But this is how they cannot find it, right? 
So if I go and look for COC, you know. I says, there's no known information, right? So, where's the response code? 
It's the primary response. And secondary response, are they not codes? Yep. 
I'm looking for the dictionary. Explain, okay. Well, it can't start. 
It's not located, right? So, this is in... Just basic. 
Stage 80, right? They may be part of my universe, but I cannot find them. And he's not located. 
So just let's do it, right? So what do we know from the data that we collect? Where are the frequencies for these hugs? 
Are we seeing COCO zeros or the names are missing, right? But we want to know. at least try to find if we have a better reason why they cannot be found. Right? 
Can you show your data and see if we can find more information? Are they really flagged as 000s, probably? Um, yeah. 
Where is the response code that you get from them? Uh, I, I, I get mainly for, at least for truists, it's mainly 096. And zero. 
Or which roads? Um, Has to be for the universal rules, right? Or the ones that you were filtering. 096 were already eliminated. 
So those are going to be out of the total universe of inconclusive. The Sur 9 6 is the core, right? So the rest are going to be for once, which is a valid code, right? 
00 and 041. And these are low probability of returns, et cetera, but that is not the reason they are getting rejected. They can reject because you cannot find names. 
So why can you find names? They should have the names, right? So let me let me put it like this. 
Go to the conclusive. Eliminate the rule that identifies the 096. Because all of these are going to be conclusive, right? 
So, say you want to delete it, bro? What everything? Oh, just hide it. 
Don't delete it, right? Should you have a team? You're gonna be inspecting this thing, right? 
And you're saying, I already know what happens with us U96. So you're 96 or November. But the rest of it closed doesn't mean that they are not members. 
They could be members, right? Like all the non-memberments have a little very removed them. In some cases, there's no information to be located, which is 000s, right? 
And there's a bunch of just like, there's a bunch of miscellaneous codes. Right? All of these are missing Names. 
Right? But the fact that it's 401 doesn't mean that the names are missing. There's no additional information, right? 
Do you see what I'm saying? Force your one doesn't, if you cross-reference, the reason this is this inconclusive has nothing to do with that 401. Has to do everything that we, there's a name missing. 
Can we see in the data any reason why the names would be missing? And we try the home ideas, the words are the financial FI names that we're talking about. Are these idle US members that they don't have names for? 
Isn't that weird? But we need to validate with them. Yeah. 
To eliminate this 096 rule, right? Mhm. And so we took out all the all the known members and a bunch of rules, right? 
So we're left with Wells Fargo Chase, Bank of America. of these have names. You can actually check and then bring in an attribute and say, just break apart from how many of these guys have names and no names, right? You can drag in your name. 
This all be part of EWS network. Yeah, it was fun. We were not able to find the name. 
Navy Bangor. about that month, but a lot of them are members of VWS. And so how come they're not in the system, right? Do we have a closure date? 
By any chance, just browse browse around at, in the attributes and see if it's close to our open day or the last update. Because these are name matches they're missing on their nose, right? Is this the filter? 
Theito? Um, yeah, so I, oh, where is it? Yeah. 
So, yeah, so I put the verification set as inconclusive, and then like you said, I just removed... Right. Okay. 
And then I just double I just wanted to see the transactions from Wells Fargo. Uh, so I just double click this. That are inconclusive. 
So some of them are missing and so over there, my name is matches, right? The name is hand. So if you have a name is match, you have to also decision them. 
Now, can you keep me a summary of the rules? What are we looking at? You can run the code, so I send the code to get the rule descriptions, right? 
Or just keep these rule descriptions, whatever we're doing, the analysis, right? And filtered inconclusive. Wait, so... 
What's a whole list of codes, right? That they declined for 22, 466. But there's not a lot of bone. 
There's a 177. And that's that's an X group 731. But the bulk of the rules are 737 and 751, which is I don't have an, I have a name is badge. 
It's an N. Right? And I have missing names, which is the rest of them. 
So you can block them. You can separate and say, well, we're not going to accept people with names matches. right? That is, that is their, their decision. 
They don't want to accept anyone who has a name this much. Okay. Um, yeah, it's inconclusive, right? 
So it goes to the next step of verification. I'm just going to go to prep the post. Or real time. 
Real time. So, yeah. They can actually register with a name this much. 
Yes. It's risky. It is risky. 
Now, for these name is matches, how many of them we have? How big is the name is Mad Posulation? Which rule does it correspond to? 
They mismatch. The name is match. So what's the difference between this rule and then? 
7.37. And then this one? I guess what's the difference between this being any versus you? 
Is that? And then... So, I guess do you know what the difference is? 
Any questions you? I don't really know. I think it's missing. 
I mean, the, Any means that there's not a, Condition for the value in the root. is not active. It was left blank. So if you have a case statement, these variables don't play. 
If you have a U, the variably plays because the variable is missing. You're looking for a missing value. So if I were to assemble the code, but I would be taking, I'm not taking, any value is, since they are not binding, I don't even put them in the code. 
I only use a code condition. Primary style school this year 96, 625. And that is enough to trigger this rule. 
There's no other conditions in the room. right? If you actually have a U, you actually are marking this condition as I have a value and this value is missing. Okay. 
Like, I think that is the, The difference. And I don't know if you'd see the invalid. Say, if I look at this value, the value is missing. 
I should not be doing operations where I should not be approving this thing. If the value is missing by the fault, It's supposed to be declined. Huh? 
It's supposed to be declined and then, How do you say? No, like, are we saying like, there is a name mismatch? Right? 
Why don't we decline it? Why we are making it inconclusive? I don't know. 
I mean, it could be inconclusive because, I mean, just arbitrary, right? You can say, I, I am going to let pile the postit register if I have a valid element. in the data. right? So the name is a dispatch, but maybe the SSN is a match or the address is a match. 
Or the last name, or I think, one element of the, the day of birdies so much. Maybe they bundle the names in a way that is very weird, right? Somebody bundled my 1st and last name or my last name and with some dispatch, right? 
It's a risky take to do, right? But if I have an SSN, an account match, a date of birth match and the address match and the name doesn't match. It seems to me it's the same person. because I have an ascent match, right? 
If I have only the street match and the name is of his match, It could be anything. Okay, if everything is on this match, and the name is also a mismatch. It just could be anything, could be a fraud, right? 
In this case, they are accepting them and making them conclusive. We don't have the performance yet. There's nothing in this data that shows performance yet. 
Yeah, we want to see the performance also, right? Probably have 2 bullets. We're doing the phase one of these analysis. 
Okay. And at this point this, I'm not even, I didn't even know that the reason that we have an additional volume, the 737 is because it has solid name, these matches that I came in conclusion. And all the solid name is matches is 10%. 
The 737, right? All of these are solid names matches. So that has to be described. 
So what I would like you to do is go and describe each one of the details. Where this population will, this assholid name is matches. They are risky, what they look like. 
You can actually pull a summary of this population and then describe Mardi. This, this 470, 4753, right? You're going to keep flowing down and then you're going to just have another 700 another 7000. 
That you want to describe. This a name dispatch. So all 3 of these are name mismatches? 
Is that what you're saying? No, I'm not saying that. You have to show me. 
But they are. You need to know but they are. What I'm saying is 4354. 
The information says that they don't have data. The 731 is, I have no data. it's not a name is matched there's no data to operate on. They're not members of VWS. 
I cannot make an assessment. 737 has data. The 737 rule has data and the data says that I have a mismatch. So it's a negative hit as opposed to a missing information problem. 4357 is missing. 
Info- or no EWS, no EWS member, right? That is that is what this world needs. The 2nd one, the 737, is I have data and my data says that I have a name dispatch. 
Mm-hmm. Time with 775. And the data, but what is there? 
I don't know. I mean, 775 They didn't send a missing record, but doesn't seem to have any name matches. Well, let's take a look at this population. 
What does it look like? You can open the people table and then do the detail for 775., right? Let's explore what it is. 
I don't know what it is. And neither you guys, so we need to inspect it and then document it. What I remember from the rule description is that there's no 1st name, last name, Or middle names. 
Right? So that's what I remember from the rule. So what is the primary status quo that we get for these guys? 
You see the combination of many? All. Uh Yeah, there's a lot of different primaries as those. Okay, but you can by inspection, you can say that there is really no name matches, right? 
For 1st name, last name, full address, is a mismatch. Overall match score. Seems like all information is missing. 
All the all the personal information is missing. They just don't have a 0 96 because somebody decided to give them a different code. Right? 
Okay. But 096 is something where the, the python is that part of EW's. Does it mean that these guys are EWS members? 
Let's inspect the FI name. look at their names. Wells Fargo, Bangkok. Yeah. 
How can we interpret this kind of? Missing data. I mean everything is missing. 
From an EWS participant. So, I wonder what what it means to post a check participant. Right? 
They use accounts that are not in the checking program that they can verify. Because they have a lot of fair coats, right? 300, 396. 
And they say, well, I have no account information, so I cannot make an assessment. They also have a bunch of scores about all these guys have a scored account, Reso 68. We should expect it. 
Now you have the bank board, United Bank, Brooklyn, Skyler, Sophie. R. I don't necessarily think that these are members for UWS. 
I know it's Los Angeles Federal Great Unions, remember, if you go to US. Wells Fargo, yes, but I don't know about LA. Okay, so my. 
She is. Go down, you have about, you should have 7000 observations, right? So by inspection, Respecting and we're saying, well, I love this questionable that they are EWS, right? 
And if they're in AWS, they don't seem to have data. That catches my attention that a lot of these school reasons have 68s. and other elements in the score reason, right? Or the columns the score the town resour. 
Let's take a look and see what it means to 68. So do you have the dictionary here? Um... 
Scold account reason, 68. Uh, Maybe we should have to look at in the document, maybe. don't have. I have it now. 
Yeah, we have to do that in the document. So, I'm looking at the non-scort account, reason I'm going to take the selection. What is that length of time between 1st and last transaction? 
Seems that they're inactive. It's a nonparticipant account, something is what it says. Yeah, it's not no participant account. 
So I don't think they're participant account in AWS, right? Our scorecards only providing response to an inquiry that the code does not directly contribute to the national share database. So they're not in the database for WS. 
Okay, so they have based on historical transaction information that at some point was contributed by whoever participates, they may actually have reported fraud. On this account. or something, right? So 64 is there's anomalous patterns. 
There's this selective account that has had return activity, they're risky, or the length of the time between the 1st and last section. I don't know what it means if it's high or low. Right? 
But it seems to me that these are risky events, right? One has a return history, the dollar amount of returns. I don't think that anything means that this is low risk. 
See what I'm saying? Everything else seems to indicate very high risk except this one, low return activity has some, 66, and the length in between the 1st and last transactions seems to be risky. So we could have declined these 63, 68, right? 
And 62. Yeah, the fact that they're going to be anywhere mostly fraud. It's going to be risk here. 
Yeah. It will be part of inconclusive here. And then conclusive and then you They go to travel. 
Yeah. Now, you can use this code and then send them for verification. You have no names. 
Right? Because the names are missing. at least for this rule. And uh, decide that. 
This is. But if you think about it, if 3rd is asking why my password is so low, in order to tell them not only they are low, but as a matter of fact, you should have a higher decline, right? I would like to turn all your inconclusives. 
And all this returned criteria, if we had previous returns or they're active, they're doing a normal expattern, maybe it should decline you also, right? And these are candid for the client that we have not declinbed. But maybe we should, because there's no names and there's return history. 
They're not members of the WS. That is one population, right? So one rule where everything is missing. 
Now we have another rule that says there's a name is matched, right? And we opened the name is match rule population. Can you take a look at it? 
Uh, yeah. I think this requires a lot of in-depth analysis. Exactly right. 
It's like you have to map these codes, get the exact description. And then, Review each and every description and see what's the fraud associated with those transactions that got approved with trial deposit and all. Yes, the unique men, too. 
You want to look at these specific ones? Yeah. Yeah, you may actually have to look at this specific codes. 
And transpressed with this history. Now the code actually collects from the target population, but you may not have enough data. to do the analysis. You may actually need to pull a year. 
Which is very, very expensive. Yeah. For the poor, I, but you can actually be. 
You can start with one month. One month, and then we can always expand it. You can try something that has some history, right? 
Start, let's say, January. Yeah. January, February, that you have an offscore history, those... 
Yeah, with very March. and attach the performance information for all the transfers for anybody who transacted, or even go further down, right? Take care, take accounts that were booked a year ago. And then you have a year of performance. 
They have EWS turned on recently, so we can, they turned it on around like late November last year. So, as you suggested initially, we can take January accounts and see the fraud performance on those accounts. Yep. 
Right? Did you understand, Praveen, the analysis, what we are looking for? Um, so, are you, are you trying to eventually join, join together like the performance data with, but this information, is that where you're, is that what you're trying to do? 
Yes, yeah. This is June June data set, right? So, um, Miguel is suggesting take January data sets because we will have no performance, maybe mostly like if they transect early this year, you will have written performance or, I mean, the fraud performance on that transactions. 
So you can have a clear picture. On like the fraud rates and all for each of these boards. Oh, so for each oh, okay. 
But yeah, let us know if you have any questions. I think that requires an in-depth analysis. I mean, this is really good. 
This is step one. Yeah. Yeah. 
We next steps is what we are discussing now. But yeah, let's just, maybe let's review this and then we can talk about the next steps. So for this one, the account code is what we are seeing. 
What is the account code we are seeing for this room? Um, I, I, I clicked on, for this, this rule. They mismatch. 
Yeah. And like, that looks like these transactions. Yeah, yeah. 
I didn't think they should be, uh, a beautiful season. And then... And then... 
There are some 6864, so there is column A, Y, and A, Z, and B, A. They're mostly displaying symbolis. So there are some values with 68. Mhm. 
But most of them are -99. So does that mean that they don't have a reason or like? Or why why are these, like, like, empty? 
To missing it. There would be blanks. missing information. They have a previous status and a close date. 
So there's some information in the side. If you take a look at closed date and previous status. So updates, right? 
What I'm wondering is if a bunch of these accounts are have received a closure in information, right? Because look, you have no score information, right? You have a date of birth. that is missing, not missing but mismatches on the day of birth. 
Right? Mm-hmm. And this, uh, yeah, so there are mismatches on the date of birth and then you have a lot of these are members. 
Right? So what is the room condition that we're testing for? Because all of this is dependent on the rule that was applied, right? 
Name mismatch rule. Okay, so the name some is matching for a lot of them. They have a date of birth mismatch. right? 
So if I have a date of birth mismatch and the name is matched, I may, I'm very tempted to decline. Yeah, way, right? I don't think that necessarily happened. 
Congress. It was match code. Yeah. 
When they say no, it's like no match, right? Yeah, when there's snow, there's no match. All of this could be the client. 
Now, what? Unless their family account, something. Something. 
Yeah, but why would there be a family account that just on the right with the right person, right? Right. That there of birds, should you imagine? 
So what about address? Is the address information correct? The name is some mismatch. 
What about this ascent? Is a cinema match? You can select the field name Row and Control F with their SSN. 
You have a last name, a some mismatch. 1st name is in his match. Full address is missing. Right? 
Overall, match code is really low. The date of birth is mismatched. Seems to me that, I mean, I don't see the reason why I accept these things. right? 
Yeah. That looks like fake information. It looks super risky. 
So we have to say, well, do you validate the date of birth of the names that you're man sending? For your people. Who designs the rules, actually, in the EP players? 
Oh, I don't know any WS. No, sorry. The EWS rules, whatever we have today... 
So we can present this analysis to the client and suggest the changes. If the client approves it, we can make the changes in the rules, correct? Yes. 
Okay. But that might increase the decline, it, and again, whether they will. I'm going to go upset and say, don't give me more risk and then fix it. 
Yeah. That give me very risky population. Give me everyone. 
And then prevent me from losing money. But I want all of them. They want everything. 
But yeah, this is looking good, actually. What are our next steps here? Again? 
Well, you need to actually present the analysis to a client, right? Yeah. So the question is, why is my performance also? 
Well, well, we need to present both. But the 1st analysis is Your rules are different. You have a lot of name is matches in your population. 
Not only do you have missing data, you have missing data because your FI names, I know you need WS. In some cases, you have information into the US. We have named this matches. 
They look really risky. That is the 2nd population, right? And I don't know, we have 3 or 4 rules. 
How would you describe each one of the conditions and the rules? Why are they inconclusive in 7 rules? So we need an explanation of why are they inconclusive in December? 
See what I'm saying? It's just descriptive. It's not even a fix. 
It's not a recommendation. You just have to describe 1st what's happened. Yeah. 
So I want, that's what I want, I want Praveen, to give it a shot, based on the conversation we had. and describe what is happening with each one of the rules and why this is okay to decline any inconclusion. You have no information, because these are not members of EWS. That's 096, that's the 1st world. 
The 2nd rule is, okay, well, uh, We have a name as much. And it's not only that you have a name as much, you have a poor match overall. This population looks very risky. 
You have a you have a name mispatch. You have a history of uh, returns, you only have, you have these matches in the date of birth. This looks really basic. 
Maybe you should even consider the climbing, right? The 2nd population is very risky. We still have to define what happens in the 3rd population is very large, that there's absolutely nothing matching. 
First, last name and social art missing. Can you show that population, one that has 7000? Where nothing is missing? 
Who are these people? What rule is it? 775? 
Yeah, yeah. So filter the data for rule 775 as if you can describe what population is it. So I'm missing. 
Just filter 7, is this 775? Yeah, yeah, yeah. This is already filtered for them. 
Okay. So this 775, who are these people? Do they have matches? 
They have a bunch of or 16 for 14 months, right? Mother probably to return and low low, uh, history or low dates. Are they members of VWS? 
What is the population that we're talking about? They are members of UW 775. It's not 096. 
But see, it's not sure that six, but it's LAFC. Viral, flint, bancorp, and the back information that we have is, it's a valid account, but it's not a deposit check participant. They don't contribute data. 
What does that mean? Valid but not drawn on a deposit check participant. You know what? 
I don't really know. We're gonna ask have to ask. I don't really know. 
So let's ask AI. Oh. Right? 
Okay. We could actually ask EWS, but it might take a long time. So let's say they published anything. 
And then we're going to ask the internet, say, what does valid code do not draw in a check participant? Posted in the chat in AI. And then launch him into the ether. 
Google Island. They have this 2nd account, so scored accounts, reason as most of them are 68. So they are like, What are they, actually? 
It's a long period they waited. To return back to the bank, I think. from 1st transaction to this transaction, something like that. So they are risky. 
And what is it called? Air description, right? Yeah. 
Yeah, I just, I just, I take a screenshot. I did it for that, um, with a question, and I'm trying to figure out if we have information in that PDF. Because it was in the, We're still using the PDF right here and there. to find out. 
Uh-huh. Do you think you can send that PDF again? I don't, I don't think I have, um, I tried fighting it, I can see it. 
Oh, they cannot verify the check through the deposit check database. Because the issuing bank is not a participant. In the deposit database. 
Yeah. They're participant in something else. So they are depositing a check from a different bank to this participant bank. 
At the bank. The whatever the check that is coming from is not a participant. That's what I understood. 
This is often informational rather than a hard decline. That's why maybe we did not decline them. It says EWS has no information. 
It's not in the 096, but it cannot be found, right? Yeah. They cannot verify the check through the deposit check database. 
So, is, is, um, is, like, truist asking why their approval rates or, um, There, ideally as instant verification rates for both, is that, is that what? Yeah, that's one of their questions. They have a bunch of questions. 
One is like why their approved rate is less than their peace. That what you have seen here, right? AFCU regions, they have slightly higher approval rates compared to tourist. 
That's question one. And the question too is, uh, among the approved accounts, what is the fraud performance? And also they want fraud, performance, based on the reason of God. 
It quotes we have reviewed before, right? We're gonna make a snapshot of the condition codes that I just found. Did you make a step ship, no? 
Hold on, let's see the chat first. And, uh, Where am I? Uh, I lost my... 
Yes, a chat. So if you're making a presentation, all of these snapshots have to be in the presentation so they understand the data. This is the extract that we should, as the clients, to go take a look. 
You should explain and take a snapshot and describe what it is. Now, these are the, if you are taking the connection on the screen? Yeah, sure. 
And I think this is based on the air code that we saw, right? So this circle that we saw says, okay, well, we have a routing number. The condition code gives me an error. 
Our system is supposed to reflect the state of the account donor data provided, what a condition code is returned. Users may receive a partial response, such an account status. The table loves this as a condition codes. 
I say 0000 I think we're dealing with this, right? This 300 ranting and the field name that is open is the routing. transit number and says, look, It's a valid routing number, but they don't contribute to our database. Right? 
Yeah. The 301 and 32 is, it's not an on-account contributor or the ABA is masked. or the data is not available, depending on the code, right? I think this is what we found, right? 
We found 300s. That is a valid routing number, but it's not in the system. Did I get it right? 
Is this a frequency that we get for this condition code? And the other thing is, I had to check on the data pool. I don't necessarily think that we call it condition code. 
I think we call that error code. I don't know if it's the same, right? Error code. 
Because the value is 300, but I don't find an error code with 300 system system.. German is a condition code. And I don't see 300s here. 
Yeah. Right? So maybe we kind of bundle the eracles and the condition codes. 
Hopefully they don't overlap, right? The condition code 00 is normal return, no system errors. 00 in error code is no system error is the same, right? But if I find a 300, it seems to me that what we're seeing is really disrupting. conditional code. 
Otherwise, you can go to the 900. Do you want some result codes and account starting schools? There are three different things. 
I think we kind of bundle the condition code and the air code. I think that's what happened in this case. Somebody use one field. 
And the other one is are the matches. So, did you guys find this useful? Seems to me that we need another pass pulling general data. 
Right? But we also have to be able to describe what is happening. in this June population, right? If you want to finish your house in June, you have to describe what's happening with this population. 
We have 3 inconclusive rules that are rejecting, if, uh, applications, because applications are, We don't have data for them. So, you know, 96s. We don't have data for them, but we're getting a code on of 300 that the routing is valid, but there's no data for these people. 
Right? The road's a valid route to the river don't have people in the system. Right? 
Yep. And the other one is, we have named his patches. So, why do you want to book a person that has a mismatch? 
And they look really risky. So maybe they're straight clients and you've been generous by doing inconclusive. So this is, uh... 
Oh, that's interesting. They even showed pictures of checks. Microfilms... 
Or the check... symbol, right? Yeah. Yep. 
Look, let's describe Praveen, describe your population. Say, well, you have more of these. What the population looks like? 
Well, your gym population just looks like this. You also have populations that have with prior return codes, and name is matches. We don't know how risky they are but some of them are getting approved. 
By trial the post. We're making assessment, we're biscuits. We're pulling January day. 
Launched the query and then you can present this thing. But the 1st round, to complete the 1st round, you should put the slides of this presentation, including the June data. as part one before you pull the performance, right? Plots the queries. 
The queries are gonna take you a long time. And while the quiz are running, because after you lost the quiz, they're not going to post for hours. Then you put the presentation together with all the data that you have. 
Say, look, this is what is happening. The data comes and sometimes the FI names are not in AWS. This normally we get the 096 or 0000. 
That is no information, but there's a 3rd case. The routing is valid, but there's no data. So we get an error code. 
So for these 3 cases, these are the populations. We cannot make an assessment. In the cases that we have data, the data is bad, this is the rule that's capturing, you have a lot of bad people here. 
Name is matches, right? And then the last one is a condition where all the information is missing. There's no way to decision these guys and you're pushing them to try the post. you have a lot of these people More than the rest. 
And tell Truist, well, this is this is the reality of your bookings. Mm hmm. So, please take the time, launch the queries, leave them running tonight. 
And then try to do presentation for the group tomorrow. Practice your presentation, right? Yeah. 
You need to sell credit. So, um, uh, so for regions tomorrow, um, uh, so I redid the analysis for July instead of, um, June. Um, Yeah. 
Or if I could share my screen for a second, I was just curious, like, how does, like, how to, I guess, answer some of the questions that Kunnan was asking. Like, we like, uh, okay, we understand that inconclusive is the biggest driver. But are there any more insights and is there any way we can allow? 
higher approvals. Um. The, likely they'll probably ask similar questions, like, I'm just curious, so, like, like how to answer how to answer that, like, It's wishful thinking. 
All of this is wishful thinking, right? So what can I do to book more people? So the answer is, oh, I can get you more. 
I can get you to book more people, but they're I don't have information to help you with this inconclusives, right? If I were to change the population that inconclusives, I can allow you to take more risk and allow you to take more population in, bring them in. Uh, with some conditions, right? 
So which are the conditions that you want to test to allow more population? That is the answer for regions, right? But he's asking you about the recommendation of how to do better. 
But to just finish describing first, the population, right? Are you ready to make a recommendation? How to better combinations of rules in a simulation? 
I'm not really sure what I would recommend. Because, I guess, I guess you would have to do some sort of analysis to see, you know, if we're allowing more people in from the inconclusive population. How would that affect the performance? 
Right? I'm gonna send a bunch of them to travel the post anyway. Yeah, so like... 
So, like, and then... So, so they'll send her to trial deposit, and so, I guess my question is, like, how are they? I, I, I, I, I'm just kind of confused as to like, understanding like. 
Wait, how do how do we improve like their verification, right? Is there any method of doing that or? Is it, is it? 
change the rules conditions, right? You can simulate rules and conditions that are currently getting inconclusive with the client. And then you can open this population and say, oh, you should book these guys. 
And then bring them into your population, right? Instead of just sending for trial deposit, these are the low risk accounts. And then you can bring them in, turn them from being inconclusive, into approving them. 
But if all that you have is missing data, how are you going to approve people with missing data? Mm-hmm. That's a hard one, right? 
Yeah. So if I don't have data to approve them, then, um, It's really hard to bring them in just because. It's a bad idea. 
I, you don't, you don't comply with the mandate from the regular to do, know your customer, right? That's a problem. The 2nd one is uh, if you have some data, uh, the data is not missing. 
But you're being conservative in your rules. Maybe you can relax some of these rules and say, we can allow these people to command. Right? 
And then give me a small lift in that population, but what are the cases that you're going to bring it? So you have to run a simulation. But I don't think you are ready to do that for radio tomorrow. 
Okay. So I'll answer the question first. The 2nd one is pull down the, pull down the, Pull down the code to the round simulation, right? 
Run out of time for regions anyway. So do a favor, open the code. That is pulling the data. 
For, um... For regions? Yeah. 
Um, there's a piece in the code that actually pulls the rules. So, the weather and run, they will assemly. I think I modify this. 
I mean, remember, these are the same people who actually disregarded trial depulsion and say I don't want to. Yeah, I think it's because it was too risky. Then you're gonna tell them, no, don't use child deposit, approve them blankly. 
Well, blue them because they, they are not at risk. So go and then there's a piece there that says rule assembly. Assemble the code for somewhere. 
I've seen you passed it already. Is it here? With this? 
That's the one. I think it's faulty, though. I don't think that's gonna run. 
Just check if, check if I sent code that is, has those conditions corrected, okay? Because that looks, that code looks faulty. Okay, yeah, I think I think I remember you sending code for that. 
Check the order with this. Okay, I'm gonna post the code in the in the chat. Is this the is this one? 
This is the one you had sent to me last Wednesday. This is just for ally, but... Yeah, it just changed the call, Maggie. 
Yeah. So, this is Parisian, is preparing? Yeah. 
So, would you prepare one document for? Sorry, create a PowerPoint. Waste after this one. 
Oh, he's trying to finish his delivery for revenience 9 o'clock tomorrow. Yeah, after the night, he will start working on truths and doing the data posts. Because he still has to present for reasons tomorrow. 
So he's finishing regions for tomorrow night. He's doing trruise for you for Wednesday. as he's going to start working on Fulton. For Friday with me. 
Thank you. Thank you, Praveen. Yeah. 
Okay, so just pull out the rules in case statements we can simulate. And then. This is the same code that you shared with me, Miguel last week. 
Yeah. I'll run it for a choice. Trust. 
So then what can I do from here? Well, this is this is the running code, right? So pull out the code. and put it in your in your SQL window and then figure out what's happening in the code 1st. 
Make sure that it runs clean. The 2nd one is these are the conditions that are running, right? So if you want to change the condition, you will get a different result in approvals and the clients, right? 
You can invent the rule here. So, This is the actual code that is running, right? And which one is, which one is Regent? 
Which ones is regions called? Yeah, yeah. It's that... 
Yeah, this one. I, I, I, I opened this, though, click, this and then, yeah, case it right here. And then, so, do this thing label somewhere that this is regions called? 
Let's go take a look, okay? And then how do I run this? Is it select? 
Um, Select this code from the data that you pulled. Uh-huh. And then, so you have to run this over a data set, right? 
That has all these variables. So check that your data set has these variables and run the simulation code on the data set that you pull for regions. Oh, okay. 
Yeah, it looks like it has all these. I remember seeing all these calls. Okay, just paste, paste the name of the table there and down there. 
What's the name of this? So whenever you run it, you're gonna get a column, you have to put a name for that column, right? And then you're going to put all these elements. 
Why don't you put, um, Province rule ID or province SIM or whatever you want to call this rule. Because you're trying to match the existing with this code and then you're saying that this code replicates the existing. Right? 
Uh-huh. So Check it, right? Sure. 
A name name this column. And then pull the rule ID so you can compare them side by side. And this also describes, in a kind of a stormary way, what are the rules that you're looking? 
The conditions for the rules, right? It can take a snapshot of this thing, I guess, should be very clear. Like if you noticed any, there's no any conditions, right? 
The code doesn't even assemble them. Yeah. Mm-hmm. 
This a case statement, right? Yeah. is gonna create a column. You have to name the column. 
And so all of this is generating one calm. Right? It's a case statement. 
If, then, else, if, then, else, if, then, else, if, then, else. No, your rules, this thing has to match the rule ID. So pull next to it, the rule ID that was created in production from Java, when the Java wrong code, both runs. 
Just collect the rule ID and collect the decision and compare them. You are replicating the decisions, right? Oh, so this gives you like a rule ID. from the, is that what you're saying? 
This code is going to give you a simulation of the blue lady. It's going to give you a decision and approve and what the role is supposed to be. Because we pulled it from The description of the Russian production. 
So you are replicating what happens in production. You just assembled from the rules repository, you assemble the rules to replicate the underwriting that is happening. So the regions ruled this is your version of what happened. 
And you want to validate that these matches. The decisions that were done in production. So you have to tie them against rule ID, I have to compare them. 
You already ran this rule. You have a viable code rule ID that is the stuff that we have been working in Excel with, right? Oh, yeah. 
So this has to generate the same brule ID. Yeah, it's... It also, you also already have a decision that is the verification status. 
Approve or deny or decline. So these rules have to also match the decisions. So, so, so these rules, are, they have to match, are, is the, What you got from the table? 
So you have to pull roulette the endification status, which is what you got from the table. Right? Mm-hmm. 
So, pull verification status. and pull them side by side. You're gonna see one condition, which is you means null or missing? And we encoded missing as -999. 
So we may need to You're going to need to replace the use for -999. In your code. Oh, here? 
Yes. But you can run them. You'll see how the mismatch happens. 
I can read this code. Oh, let me. You may, you may be missing a coma or something. 
Now, uh, do me a favor and then check for the SSN match code. The values for yes or no, or inconclusive, or what are the values? As matter of fact, pull them in the query. 
Do a favor and pull as 5 or 6 columns. And these columns are going to be uh, 1st name, match code, last name, match code, SSN, match code. The last name, Masco, too. 
Uh huh. Uh, just anything else? No, that's just... 
I want to make the point that your values are relevant, right? I don't think you're gonna see any use. And your values come, yes, no, cease, and my goes 999, which is missing. 
But the code that we created takes a U. It's assuming that you're encoding your missing us use. Yeah. Do you replace your -999 in the code, you use every time you have a new condition, which is unavailable, or a none, you replace it from -999. 
Otherwise, you may not be matching the The correct codes or rules. So your rules on trigger? for the cases where everything is missing. 
So, I should replace the zeal in 999. I'm sorry, a -999. Yeah, but the value that is coming for notes, right? 
And this is a text format. So you need to pass the text. It's not a number. 
Yeah, it's a character form. Yeah. Oh, just in control. 
I'm gonna be compred of that for all your inconclusives because every time that you have Missing last name, 1st name, and the other ones. You should be getting 55, 19. Still, like, getting some missings in the cases with the 1st name. 
Last name is Um... There's a blank there. that calls for 1st last name and a sin match equal to end. But you have missing rule ID too. 
So I don't know if that's relevant. So do your check and then do a cross reference, right? You want to cross-reference the, your rules against uh, The actual. 
I don't know why we have missing rule ID. You can filter verbal ID is not missing. We're not equal black. 
Oh, uh... Oh, God. No, no, no. 
So if that doesn't. So you got rid of the nose, right? Now you're going to have a rule and a decision. 
Are they matching? The rules and decisions. You can do a CrossFit across that. 
And verify your old days. You can do a goodbye. I mean, they look fine, right? 
They're looking okay to me. So now you have a simulation code. Now, if you were to select the inconclusive population, right, anything where verification status is inconclusive. 
You would have to decide that you want to open up. This population on a data set and say, I think it's okay to invite them because I think they're going to perform well. Right? 
And then you would actually recommend something to increase the password and then change the conditions to bring in more people in. Mm-hmm. Does that make sense? 
So you have to think about, what should I do? that brings in more people. I don't think you can present this for tomorrow at night. 
Yeah. So I think you should actually cut down the scope of what you want to do, run a simulation, change some conditions, if you want to do your approval distribution trend. When you do that, when you run, now that you're matching your decisions, when you run the simulation on this thing. 
And then test your total approval rate. To group guys, right? Do accounts and. 
Match your basic. Do the songs of what you approve and decline, and then run the simulation. You're currently scoring them, but you have to aggregate them, right? 
to get routing volumes. Uh-huh. And I go by verification test. 
Well, communication status won't already happened. If you want to change it, you have to group by whatever you're simulating, right? You can separate your decisions in approval inconclusive race, or you can actually extract your decision. 
What is your approval or inconclusive? I don't know how to. Goodbye, province rules. 
Do us a quick. Just run, run a super inside. And then, and then now, group by? 
Well, now you have created a column that is called Province Rules, right? you're gonna group by province rules. and make account. I'll take out that semicolon because it's gonna prevent you from running. 
You have to select a column probing rules and account. Or is it, is it, is this correct? Or is it? 
run it. Run it, run it. I have account, right? 
Now, you want to separate this population in approval and that, you can actually group by make a case statement, I say, when I do approve or inconclusive and extract the decision, right? But I did is I put a label of the rule that is executing and the decision that you are going to be doing, right? So you have a lot of inconclusives for 55, 5, 19. 
You see it here, right? And 555 uh 21. Right? 
So which are these rules, 555, 19 and 55, 521, list, show me the code. 5, 18, this is 17. Um. 19 is the next one, right? Yeah. 
Yeah. So is everything is missing? First name is, last name is. 
So that is not going to give you anything. So what is the other inconclusion that you can work with? 55521? 
Right? Right, so which one is that? Uh, this one. 
We have name magically was C. So the name matches conditional. I don't know what it means. 
You only have 83 events. You can decide to do something with them. And you can inspect that population and decide if it's a good idea to bring them in. 
You mean what I'm saying? Their one is, do a favorite check when the primary style is good. It says equal to 000 or 096. 
It cannot be equal, should be in. 000 or 096. You see the one on the top? Oh, this? 
Indian. Yeah. So that will never be true. 
You cannot make equal to the string. The private status quo should be in. 000 or 0 to 6. So the code is assembled correctly this condition. 
Set 3 digit. So there's a, And there should be, yeah, quote, So it finds it 2 values, right? Okay. 
Try it again. Yeah. Okay, uh... 
Uh, yeah, so this one now is... Telling you the same, there's no information. It just falls in a different place. 
But none of these had data, neither 2 of them, the only you have is this 21 observations that show us inconclusive. Because they have the nearly matches conditional. I don't know what that means. 
I don't know if the conditional match means that there's a partial match in the names. Right? You can actually pull the detail. 
Right? And say, show me all the detail for these observations. and say, I want to see anything that is in Boone 5483 and see what they look. They look like. 
If I have an assistant match, maybe you can test and approve or do something like that. But at this point, you have to explore the data and say, I want to test a condition that I think is going to keep me more population. But then you had to do an educated guess. 
After taking a look at the data. Make sense. Just finish the presentation now and then see if you want to explore the 83. 
You have now running code that is going to do a simulation. You can pull from any other clients. the code and then say, well, this is not pregnant rules, this is TD Bank. And running on regions. 
This is, I don't know, truist conditions and continental regions. and say, well, they would do a little different, maybe a little bit better. than what you have, right? Does that make sense? I think these are good proofs, by the way, in regions. 
I don't know why they want to review them, but This is the 2nd set. And you should actually say, well, this is what you have. I mean, please guide me and say what you want to admit. 
That has not already been that minute. You see the point, right? So, I mean, for this one and then this one, but there isn't anything we could do because we don't have any information on them, right? 
And so it would be risky to admit them. But for these 83, that is, there is something that we could possibly do. Is that what you're saying? 
Maybe. I don't know, because I haven't seen the population. You will have to describe the population first. 
And so, I guess all we know, so what does his name match code say? Is it just? Conditional. 
I don't know what it means. One option is you can actually add all this information as it is. And then attach the 1st last name and the conditions from the person table. 
And say it says conditional. I don't know what the type of match it is. It says that it's a partial match. for these people and then check the names. 
And check the rest of the information, right? Right now, you know nothing about this guys, so pull the data. So you can expect it. 
Makes sense? Mm-hmm. Okay. 
So let's meet tomorrow. And then collect data and then take a look. Yeah. 
Okay, so you have regions tomorrow at night, right? Uh, yeah, 930, yeah. Good. 
So Sushmita has seen what you had done and you may want to touch base with her. Before you meet that person with regions. Get some feedback on your presentation, okay? 
Okay. Okay. Okay, we'll talk to you tomorrow, Praveen’s. Okay. Cheers.
