Who has was not able to match names or match SSM? So, That and also there are other reasons, like address match, uh, 1st name, last name match. And then the overall score should be like greater than 18.  That's what we see. Uh, at other FYI store. But if that is not over that threshold, then they push it to inconclusives.  So we try to improve the approval rate by not being so, um, conservative in terms of matching the 1st name and last name. Because that may not match, right? Because, um, Yeah.  Yeah, because whenever they marry, I mean, the class game change and all of that. So we try to keep that Um, we try to relax the rules there, but then we try to match the SSN and then the address match. Um, and then the overall match to be around more than at least 75 in some cases to improve the approval rate.  Time again. Uh, sorry. I was muting.  So this is going to be your meeting withmita and then Praveen is giving you the data to compare. For regions, right? So you have the rest of a presentation, right?  But you're going to be showing, is there anything else that is coming from these meetings from regions that you need to review with them? What are they asking for? So they are primarily asking for what is the underlying cause?  Uh, um, uh, behind, there are cool ray being very, I mean, not not very low, but there are cool rate being low compared to their peers. So, we see that this 96 primary status quo seems to be, um, the primary rule out of which we are seeing their 63% inconclusive rates. Yeah, so the road, right?  So why don't we start? I mean, I saw I saw the data before. So probably just walk us through this thing.  And second, I think you understand everybody, Sushmita, but I want permit to practice, right? And to practice a presentation. So the 1st thing is the objective of this analysis, the statement that they did, whatever you find in your data, show the strategy for regions and compare it with something else.  Right? So just walk us through this thing. Please.  Yeah, sure. Um, so the objective of this analysis was to uh, compare, um, for June, the EWS verification outcomes for region, and compare it with its peers. Uh, we wanted to identify uh, why regions is having lower up pool rates compared to its beings. and then identify what is driving it, approvals, denials, and inconclusives.  Um, and we want to determine whether or not a region's lower Google share is noticeable. And then, so the overall analysis process consisted of uh, using raw EWS data from uh, regions and its peers and then creating uh, frequency pivot tables. Um, and then understanding the different rules.  Um, that are driving, um, the analysis, and then, uh, and then that's how we came with, uh, came up with some of her findings. So how does it compare against the approval, total approval rates, regions versus everybody else? Um.  So so I also had like, I guess some questions that I'm also a little like, So when you... Let me go back. What is this?  Oh, it's right. So, So is, would you say that this is the approval rate for the month of June? Is that what we're, is this, is this what, is that what we were saying?  Uh, no, this is AWS approval. Okay. And so what's the difference?  between, I guess, what you're asking for and then what, like, there's 3 metas for approval, right? If you take a look at the right, Your total approval is EWS plus real-time plus trial deposit. All of these were approved.  So these are like... Uh-huh. Okay.  So these accounts are open and transacting. Some of them were verified via EWS 33% Right, of the total attempts, 33% where verified EWS, which doesn't match with your grand total of 1652. So where is the variance coming from?  Because the number should be the same. Uh, because you told me to leave out the blank. Okay, leave the blank out in both.  Well, at least, uh, Yeah, the other one is probably not filtered with the blanks. Because we don't, that's okay. Just...  Match the totals. Otherwise, you still have to, uh, You still have to verify why is the total different or why do we have no decisions made in approval, deny or inconclusive? Both of them are going to be a problem to explain.  So just filter the blanks in the pew table for the top, bring in your verification status. And then delete the blanks. Or put them in and explain that you don't have a number for those diet.  Just include the blacks. In color blacks. Including blanks on the left.  So that is going to tie your 17,399. I say, oh, we don't have some information for the AWS result for these guys. We're going to research what it is.  But in June, we did it on the right thing for 17,393. Out of those, 33% were approved via EWS verified. Right?  This 577 +10 accounts somewhere else. right we're included. Now we have an EWS verification. Approval for an inconclusive result, which is the thing that is giving us a little bit of noise, right?  You see that? That we marked it as CWS verified in the database, but the result was inconclusive. They might have tried again.  It might have been inconclusive at the time, but maybe they tried a 2nd time and the 2nd time it was verified. I cannot explain. That that incremental. you see what I'm saying?  Wait, I'm sorry, could you repeat that part? Like, do you try it again? Yeah, because you can submit the same information the next month.  Or that you may have submitted at some point in a later date. during the month, right? So maybe you have an inconclusive result. And then somehow they have a different outcome.  I don't know. I cannot explain it. But in general, terms, that is going to, this way the blanks are going to make, uh, And also the detail is going to kind of create some noise in there.  But anyway, so what you can do is start with the totals for the account verification. Out of the 17,393 attempts that were done for verification, we were able to approve 33% in EWS. Right?  Which is said 5787. Then the waterfall allows them to apply to real-time verified. to trial or do trial deposit and if we cannot verify them, they remain as not verified. Right?  So you have the waterfall for deep, EWS, then the real temporified, and then the child deposit verified. And the sum of all those is your total approval rate. Right.  So can you make totals for those and compare The total approval rate for So it's... Regions versus the UK. plus this number, plus this number, divided by this. Or, or, or, is this count 2 or?  Or even this? It's just... Whatever you have in the system, you can aggregate it.  So that says, you can, essentially everything besides this conference? That what you're saying? Yeah, everything that is not very fine.  Now compare them against the Bmo. might be different, right? So can you put side by side regions and Pima for the total approval? Right?  Total. And so you want me to basically just create one more of these for, uh... so you can compare them side by side, right? Mm-hmm. and present the evidence.  Otherwise he won't believe you. Yeah. Do you know what the what the 3rd party verified is?  Or the very... Okay. And then this is verified by a partner, is that something?  The surf part of the site, they usually send a different system. So for instance, they do, um, I can't remember that he... What is the name of the?  Provider is... Play plan or something. So we're seeing additional verification that they're not doing, right?  And they are actively manually verifying in some cases. These are manual over right. I think the 6 are manual overrides.  The 3rd party verified. I don't know if they are doing any other process. So anyway, just you don't you don't have the details for that, but I don't think it's necessarily going to be relevant for them once they compare their totals because they don't do any of these things.  They could actually manually verify them, approve their accounts. But in the meantime, you can explain, well, your EWS verification rate is lower. than the ones that we have seen in other places, right? To confirm.  Right? And then you explain why, right? Well, you have more population that is not found in EWS.  That is, we're going to try that conclusion, right? But the 1st thing that you had to present is these 2 snapshots. Right?  Regions, pier one and Pier 2. So, it is creative separate slide, which is... That's fine. doesn't make sense?  Is this going to give you what you need to present? Uh, yes, Megan. And also, I think we'll have to explain, um, Why, you know, why is the, uh, inconclusive rate 33% for regions versus, uh, 40, I think around 43, 43% for BMO.  I think 60 versus 43 or. Okay. Yeah.  I think, yeah, I think the comparison should, um, help them understand. The the water flow. Then the approval rate by the I mean, the decision by the approval rate.  So, if you give, like, let us, for example, like, I'm just kind of curious, like, so if you give them the, like, more of more of the, I guess the FIs are coming from, Or I guess, like EWS are not able to verify these accounts. So, is there any? Don't send them to us. send them to us.  So, like, what I guess what would, so you, what would you expect them to do to, like, Improve that. Like, what? I, I, I can tell you, but don't tell this to the client.  Just go and then bounce him against blood. I guess a 3rd party event, right? I take all your buffy, Kancas, That that 5 server is not going to be able to verify.  Don't pay for the service. don't send it to F ser. Send only the members of EWS and then you have a EWS pro rate for whatever you sent to us. for 90% or 95 or 99, 95%. Then take the 2nd flow for anything that is not in in the frame for for AWS and send it direct to plan.  And then you're going to have another approval rate that is very high. And pay plad and don't pay Pfizer. That's what I would do.  That's what I would do. And then, uh, anything that is left, let's fight to run, the trial, the postal verification or the real-time verification is going to be 5% approvals or whatever. What else to say?  That's what I would do. Send somebody else. Because this is not able to be verified.  As plan and plan made money out of this gap that we have in our system. And Megan, where do we get to see the translation for the primary status quo, for example? What does 96 code mean?  Uh, that it is? The primary message contains it. That's one and second, I am I'm sending the guy.  I don't know if I said the guy, but I'm going to send the guy, the guide. Okay, I think I sent the gun in the past, the account, and that has the list of codes, right? Let's just load it.  By the way, I think there's a, The frequency that, um, In the spreadsheet that I sent yesterday has also the frequency and the translation for each one of the codes. Okay, let me check that out. So if you guys, I may have sent it only to, um...  Depraveen. No, I sent it to Rk Aletics. Click on visions.  It has a question. Well, you have the summary and the summary has each one of the status scores. I'm going to put it on the screen.  Yeah, sure, okay. Okay. So the star score is there and the description is there and the frequency is there.  So let me, um, Show it on the screen, okay. So this come in directly from that report, right? Regions bank reports from June 1st, 2025 to June.  30, 2026. is a full year. of past recession. This thing here. Right?  And then you have these status quodes. In here, you can actually do this thing and say, well, I don't know. It seems like there's a lot of noise in there.  I'm not short by, uh, the number of accounts, descending, from the largest to smallest and then do it. And here's what it is, right? 99%, there's 96, 37% of all the attempts are empty. don't have information, right?  And your ones are not located. So these guys, I cannot decision that. Now the question is going to be, well, I have 65, that is inconclusive, right?  So how does it turn from my, uh, from my total conclusions, how come I have so many of these that are, I would have expected not to have? I mean, I'm expecting an 11,000, right? This 175.  Something is happening for these guys. I'm expecting this you'll never find. There's no way to decision these guys.  Right? Mm-hmm. So there's not 60,000.  There's 160,000 dancing around there somewhere in the data. So this goes where 60,000, more or less information, and they'll probably do return, but I cannot guarantee that is the reason of the rejection, right? So if I go for the inconclusives and I say, well, Let's see what else creates inconclusives.  Let me see if I can filter this. Somehow I... For me, this is noise.  I'm not delete it. And this is... I want to filter these guys.  Right? I want to filter by the decision that is inconclusive. Inclusive, yeah.  And what a highlight of these guys. And regardless of the decision code, the really issue that I have is very large volume on these guys. Right?  Why are they inconclusive? Oh, I have no data here. All of these data is missing.  Right? All of these guys are missing. So I don't click on this thing.  I don't think I have downloaded data. just downloaded summers. So Praveen can do this. Pravin can click on the volume, this 159 or his equivalent.  In his data, once you click on this, gives you the detail of what else happened, right? We know that there's no There's no information for 1st and last, you cannot approve them, right? There's no, there's no data.  So, and why is there no data? Is this because they are outside of the outside of the match or no? This is for a whole year.  So if you show province data, you can double click on this, make a frequency and say, a lot of these are known in AWS. There are , , , 096. Right?  There's a list, there's, there's, uh, If you see, there's 64,000 for BEMA. That is the pier. And then the rest is also, uh, something that is, that is, uh, inconclusive, there are a volume of inconclusive is because they also have missing data, right?  So we know that serious, serious is, they're not in the database. So this is the same to me. This is similar to this thing, right?  They're not that different. But it also tells me that there's some records that don't come with a COC in 96. They're also empty.  Right? Being showing that there's some records that come, don't come with a series, 0, 0, but they have empty names and you still cannot approve them. The only difference is regions doesn't flag them.  Region waits until they land in here. Reading waits all the way to the last rule to actually flag them. Right?  Like then. Bimos says, yeah, I'm going to capture them at the end. But I know that I'm not going to be able to find him here.  Right? The fact that this UO is already telling that I'm not gonna find it, right? If you give them the frequency of who you are not able to find, You're gonna find the usual suspects for the whole year. right?  Run it, download it, and then say, well, you're not going to find these guys. Why send them? Please don't tell them that.  That's your fault. right? But I would not send them to fight her. And look, I could find them.  Right? And you have this, and you have this Excel spreadsheet somewhere, and send it to everyone. Okay.  And you can explain this thing. Now, you are point for the region's call. Right, Praveen has 2 present results.  So let's have him finish the presentation, right? So he can practice. you give feedback. So he can do a good job tomorrow.  Company. Yeah, that's what, I don't know. That's what a Jacob said, right?  But he, I don't know. I don't know if they invited you to the regions meeting, right? Oh, no, I don't have an invite actually.  Okay, then tell them, hey, we have some metrics. Did they invite you? Oh, I thought he was going to just provide an update.  I didn't know it was gonna be like a full presentation. From what I, from what I understood, he just needed to provide, like, an update. Well, then, given the update, but you should present because nobody's wanted to understand.  But you're saying, you're going to tell him, hey, Jacob, do your best. Here's the data. Call me if you have any questions.  Let's see what he does I don't know if he can explain it. He probably will not even present anything. Right?  Now, when are you meeting with this guy, Sushmitev? I'm meeting with them this coming Wednesday. Okay, then, then, say like this, we did the analysis, I think it's better that we present to Wednesday.  These are findings. right? Yeah. Then you have a little extra time to just wrap it up.  Just make sure that you have a solid presentation and then give, give some feedback to, to private and brand. My feedback is you need to start with a group. Approval decline rates, and then go into the detail for the rules, compare them side by side and say, well, look, guys, you don't have any names in here.  Normally, This is the same situation that we've seen other clients. They just are good enough that they flag them at the entry. You don't seem to want to do that and that's okay. but just be aware that you're gonna just end up with anybody that you cannot find is going to end up here.  Right? And we know that a lot of people come because you cannot find them here, but that doesn't mean that there's not other people that has no names. I wonder, for instance, these guys, they're not 00 or 096 codes, but you have no names.  Right? So there's going to be a fraction of these guys. I don't know.  It seems like half and half. Or 6040. I mean, this is really 6040. 40% of these guys are really here and they're 60% should be a decline in. in the guys that don't have uh, 0 0, which is what I was saying here, right?  This... are the known 0096 that we flat here. Right? This is only about 60% to fold the clients.  There's another 40 yeah, 63%. That's pretty close. 63% you can prevent. You know that you're not going to find them.  The other uh, 40% because we said it was 6040. They were 40% corresponds to some of these codes, but they still don't have names. There's no many matches, right?  There's no... And also just code begin, so there's 964? I think Urban and even Grange League, they all pushed this to tonight.  Because there's no no information, so instead of pushing them inconclusives, they rather pushed it to deny. So that's what I saw when I was working on the war end, not where when Grand Street, but I think Grand Street is... Bourbon and Grand Street don't have trial deposits.  And Bergen and Grand Street don't do real-time loggins. So they don't have an option. They just declined.  They just they just say, I don't care. I don't want to deal with this. Yeah.  But these guys actually do want to deal with the risk and they have a lot of volume. Uh but we just have to describe it, right? So you can show and say, well, 96 is going to kick them out. 00 there's no information.  The other guys, the other inconclusive rates in these things. If you take out the 00 and 096 from Province Data, you can see the rest of the codes, right? I think we did that exercise yesterday.  Pravin, can you show them in your in your data set? You'll share it with Swmit. So what happens for the ones that are inconclusive by not 00 Not 0096.  Uh, I feel like the raw data. Yeah. From the XL.  And then you wanted to see the ones that are. Uh, And I'm not 96 and yeah, I can, I think can just explain. 16 conclusive population. and then show the frequency for the codes for the ones that are In that room, that is inconclusive rule with a large volume that has missing names. We know that any 0000 is going to have missing names.  Any 096 is going to have music names. What other codes are reflected? in the cases that we have some enemies and names?  When I did it by name match code, these 2 were the ones that showed up for regions. And then I wrote for BMO and then there's like a couple more that showed up. Yeah, so most of them are going to be missing that mismatch is missing names, right?  So do me a favor. Go back to the, uh, Region's name match the frequency. Right?  No, the ones that you had. And this is the, yeah, this is what it is. No, that that one is fine.  So you have a bunch of them that are, uh, I don't know, Brad, can you show me the other one that people table for regions? Yeah, this one here, right? So you have 096.  That is the most of them. Well, just do regions. So, and this inconclusive, right?  Like 09 decision, you're going to find in 61, 95, 00 You're not going to find 783. And then you see for 1402. what are those guys? Can you cross-reference and then bring in the primary message so that we can see the translation for those codes?  And then I should just add that, uh, to the rose. Yeah, so next to them, next to the code. Because that is the translation for the code.  So low probability return, you know what I mean? Yeah, we don't have the names. And they say, well, forget that we don't have the names.  Do you have a low probability return? But they're not telling you that they don't have the names. So what is the low probably return?  What does that mean? Is not that risky. It's not, it's not risky, is that what?  Yeah. Oh, so. But that's not a bad.  They don't have the names. No, but they don't have the names. The account may be current.  Right? But it may belong to Shmita.mita has great credit. Shmita is very good.  We match the account number, the account exists, but it doesn't belong to you. I don't have a name for this. It may be yours or not.  It may also schmit us. Maybe your dad's. Account.  I cannot match the name. I don't have the names with me. It doesn't look bad, but I don't have the names with me.  So you cannot test for ownership. Is a good account, but it may not be yours. Does that make sense to you, Sushmitip?  For one. 401, yeah. Okay, so where you explained this thing. Yeah, yeah, same thing. some of the other ones also.  The other ones are open valley, then low. And so these are all like inconclusive, yeah. And they're in conclusive.  Because most of them have names, Missing names. Single, yeah. The reason they're inconclusive is because they have missing names.  Okay, put those lights and then send them to our friend. That we promised that we were going to send him something. By the end of the day, he's going to have questions.  He's not going to meet with Regis tomorrow. He just wants to be prepared for Wednesday. And you're going to present them Wednesday.  So, Because nobody else is going to be able to explain this thing. Uh-huh. So I calculated the approval rate, but it doesn't seem that much.  Is this like a noticeable difference? This is just for June. And he was asking for July.  Right. No, well, you can do July if you want. I just ask you for tune.  June, April ready, 64 versus 68 doesn't seem to be that different. And then you can do peer two. you have citizens, right? Whatever that post.  Were you able to pull data for citizens? No. You said you tried, let me...  Do it from the, do it from the website. From the from insets, as says, you can do the report for them. I just want to confirm that this is the home ID.  Yeah. Oh, citizens? Let me also check.  It is a home idea, right? The 45 800, 888-500. And you told me... one day, just to see.  I wasn't sure if, I'm not sure if, like, I'm not sure what this column means, if I name. Is is where the account belongs to. These people are trying to register external accounts for citizens and they're trying to register the account that is in Bangkok.  So whenever you have a profile, We already know your account. If I am sitting in regions, I already have your information for the region's account. Right?  I'm trying to add other accounts that don't belong to my bank. Because you have money in those accounts, you need to transfer to the external accounts. The SFI name is the external if I name.  Oh, so these, uh, so these, these empires are trying to register. accounts related to citizens. Right. So citizens has an application that allows them to move money for Praveen Money Moran across the uh, across banks.  So you already know, they know already your information in regions. They're trying to attach external accounts so they can transact, right? It's like whenever you're doing your taxes and then you want to pay for an account, they tell you, oh, I'm going to move money.  Tell me the bank that you want to move, and they register at the bank and then issue a check, right? So that's what we're doing for them. You have money in Sultan Bank or Vancouver or Cap one and you want to bring it into regions.  Or you have money in regions and you want to push it out to Sutton bank or bankward. So these are the external accounts. Call it non-host a catch.  Mm-hmm. Makes sense. So, the data is there, and the query seems to be working.  It's just taking a lot of time, right? So do you want to do a 2 step process launch from the 1st to the 15 and then launch from the 15 to the 30th? Run for 15 days.  If you're getting problems with data that it times out, right? Or 15 days and then attach and then insert and joint those to the inserts. That's one solution.  Okay, I'm gonna close the meeting now so that you can complete this thing. Send whatever you have to Jacob. Mhm. is not, he may need clarification, then said, please send me an email if you have any questions. and let him uh, decide what he's going to do with that day.  I switch meat is going to meet with them on Wednesday, get invited to that meeting so you can explain. Yeah. I can invite you, Brahman.  I think you already attended Regents meeting, right? Uh, yeah, I think so, I have in the past, I think, once. Oh.  Okay. Okay, sounds good. Sounds like a plan.  Thank you guys. Yeah, thank you. thank you, everyone. Shit.
